shayan / cfd documentation updated (#5800)
binary-com/deriv-app: packages/cfd/README.md

# CFD (contract for difference)

This repository is a workspace of [deriv-app](../../README.md) monorepo and contains the static HTML, Javascript, CSS, and images content of the [Deriv](http://app.deriv.com) website.

> [DMT5](https://app.deriv.com/mt5) and [Deriv X](https://app.deriv.com/derivx) platforms are related to this workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workspace covers the [DMT5](https://app.deriv.com/mt5) and [Deriv X](https://app.deriv.com/derivx) platforms.
```

## How to Install the Project

You need to follow the instructions [here](../../README.md).

## How To Work With This Project

To run and work on this workspace you need to use `npm run serve cfd` command along with `npm run serve core`.

> It will watch `cfd` so after you made a change in this package, it will automatically rebuild `cfd` and recompile `core`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webpack will watch changes in `cfd` so that if you made any changes in this package, it will automatically rebuild `cfd` and recompile `core`.
```

## Folder Structure

```
build
    ├── ...
    ├── webpack-config.js
src
    ├── _common
    │   ├── ...
    |   ├── utility.js
    │
    ├── Components
    ├── Constants
    ├── Containers
    ├── Helpers
    ├── Modules
    |   |──Page404
    ├── ...
    ├── Store
    ├── ...
    ├── Utils
    │   ├── Validator
    |   |   ├──...

>     |   |   ├── validator.js

Reviewer: Maybe add some comments on what are the purposes of some of the folders - ie how does CFD group functionality?

```

## Troubleshooting

> -   **Icon missing:** If the icons are missing, you only need to build this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Icon missing:** If the icons are missing, you only need to build this project. You can do this by running the build command:

```console
npm run build
```

```

This workspace covers [DMT5](https://app.deriv.com/mt5) and [Deriv X](https://app.deriv.com/derivx) platforms.

## How to Install the Project

You need to follow the instructions [here](../../README.md).

## How To Work With This Project

To run and work on this workspace you need to use `npm run serve cfd` command along with `npm run serve core`.
Webpack will watch changes in `cfd` so that if you made any changes in this package, it will automatically rebuild `cfd` and recompile `core`.

## Folder Structure

```
build
    ├── ...
    ├── webpack-config.js
src
    ├── _common
    ├── Components
    ├── Constants
    ├── Containers
    ├── Helpers
    ├── Modules
    |   |──Page404
    ├── ...
    ├── Store
    ├── ...
    ├── Utils
    │   ├── Validator
    |   |   ├──...
    |   |   ├── validator.js

```

**Components:** This folder contains all the reusable components we need for developing the project.

**Constants:** We add the static data structures needed for the project here.
We have a separate folder for each component.

**Containers:** This folder contains the wrappers we use for the whole project.

**Modules:** This folder contains the 404 page component.

> **Stores:** We use Mobx as state management tool in Cashier, and this is the place for putting the relevant store files. Also, for each store file we have a test file in **tests** folder.

Reviewer 2: cashier or cfd?

**templates:** includes two different styles of loading component which are used in the whole workspace

**Helpers and Utils:** We place all the common and helper methods which are required for the project in this folder.

## Troubleshooting

> -   **Icon missing:** If the icons are missing, you only need to build this project. You can do this by running the build command:

Reviewer 2: maybe you can mention that we need to run it from root dir of project
